---
categories:
  - "[[Meetings]]"
type: []
date: 2025-12-16
org:
loc:
people:
  - "[[Jeff Alpher]]"
topics:
  - "[[Onboarding]]"
tags:
  - pulsedata
---
# Summary

- discussed current processing of requests from clients
- need to ask him about development plan
- do you want requirements to come out of meeting sessions with Vee, Om, Jermaine and sami, etc?
- what do requirements look like?
- 